Added documentation for Media Skip Indicators (#401)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Displaying a User Interface/Template Subscription Buttons/index.md

## Media Buttons
The play/pause, seek left, seek right, tune up, and tune down subscribe buttons can only be used if the app type is `MEDIA`. Depending on the OEM, the subscribed button could show up as an on-screen button in the `MEDIA` template, work as a physical button on the car console or steering wheel, or both. For example, Ford's SYNC® 3 HMI will add the play/pause, seek right, and seek left soft buttons to the media template when you subscribe to those buttons. However, those buttons will also trigger when the user uses the seek left / seek right buttons on the steering wheel.

> If desired, you can toggle the play/pause button image between a play, stop, or pause icon by updating the audio streaming state, you can also set the style of play/pause button and the next/previous buttons in the [Media Clock](Displaying a User Interface/Media Clock) guide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If desired, you can change the style of the play/pause button image between a play, stop, or pause icon by updating the audio streaming indicator, and you can also set the style of the next/previous buttons between a track or time seek style. See the [Media Clock](Displaying a User Interface/Media Clock) guide for more information. 
```
